consistency updates (#1007)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/add-organize-data/collect-data/connectors/pi-to-ocs/known-issues.md

1. If there is no default PI Server associated and listed for your AF server, you will not be able to transfer data to OCS.
1. PI Servers that have a non-GUID server ID are not supported in PI to OCS. See [Generate a new server ID for PI Data Archive](https://docs.osisoft.com/bundle/pi-server/page/generate-a-new-server-id-for-a-pi-server-for-3.4.375-and-later.html) for how to address this issue. 

> 1. PI to OCS Configuration Utility: Detected Data Archives fail to load if the user doesn't have permissions to one or more of the referenced Data Archives. The workaround is to add the Data Archive by selecting the green plus icon in the utility and then manually type the name of the Data Archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. PI to OCS Configuration Utility: Detected Data Archives fail to load if the user does not have permissions to one or more of the referenced Data Archives. The workaround is to add the Data Archive by selecting the green plus icon in the utility and then manually type the name of the Data Archive.
```
